Jason/transact (#448)
iron-fish/website: content/get-started/transactions.mdx

Find the transaction on https://explorer.ironfish.network/transaction/ee32e78268a1097288503e18510e48d140292ff5ce91d0914ae00f733ad8d166`}
/>

You can also send in non interactive mode by providing flags. Run `ironfish wallet:send --help` to see the different options available. [See more here](/use/get-started/wallet-commands#send-a-transaction).

> ## Receive a transactions

Reviewer: Receive a transaction, not the plural form

Author: fixed

> ## Receive a transactions

Reviewer 2: Should be either `Receive a transaction` or `Receive transactions`

Author: fixed

> To receive a transaction, give the sender your public key by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: nit - this sentence seems to imply that `ironfish wallet:address` will give the sender your public key. Maybe a small change to say that you can view your public key using the command?

Author: c

```sh
ironfish wallet:address
```

## View your transactions
To view transactions from the default account

```sh
ironfish wallet:transactions
```
<Terminal
  command="ironfish wallet:transactions"
  output={`
Timestamp               Status    Type    Hash     Expiration Fee Paid ($IRON) Asset         Net Amount
─────────────────────── ───────── ─────── ──────── ────────── ──────────────── ───────────── ───────────
3/9/2023 6:08:57 PM PST confirmed send    aa72c... 75076      0.00000001       $IRON (d7c86) -0.00000003
3/9/2023 2:26:48 PM PST confirmed receive a4360... 74854                       $IRON (d7c86) 0.00000001
`}
/>

## Check your balance

You can check your balance at any time by running the following command:

```sh
ironfish wallet:balance
```

> Your wallet must be synced with the block chain or it will be wrong. You can ask for a balance explanation by running

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your wallet must be synced with the blockchain or it will be wrong. You can ask for a balance explanation by running
```
